Neuroradiology Fellowship Program

Overview
 
The UCLA Neuroradiology Fellowship Training program is an ACGME
accredited one-year program based at the UCLA Medical Center. Fellows
also spend a total of six weeks at the nearby VA hospital.

The one-year program provides advanced training in all neuroimaging
modalities including MRI, CT, MR and CT perfusion, MR spectroscopy,
and other functional MR imaging techniques. Fellows receive
comprehensive training in all aspects of adult and pediatric
neuroimaging, head and neck imaging, and a full completeCT angiogram,
CT perfusion, MRA, MR perfusion, MR spectroscopy, Cine CSF flow
imaging, head and neck imaging, and a full complement of angiographic
procedures and spine interventions. A graduate of the 1-year program
is well-qualified to pursue a career either in private practice or
academia.

An optional two-year program is available for fellows interested in a
more specialized program that provides more time for guided research
in the fellow's area of interest. A second year may be arranged at any
time during a fellow's first year of fellowship in consultation with
the Program Director.

Faculty

The UCLA Diagnostic Neuroradiology section is composed of six
full-time fellowship trained neuroradiologists. The VA affiliate
supports two full-time and one part-time fellowship trained
neuroradiologists. In addition, the UCLA Division of Interventional
Neuroradiology comprises five separate full time faculty. The faculty
have a wide range of experience and interests with a strong emphasis
on fellow education and academic research.

Facilities

UCLA Medical Center (inpt):
    MRI:
    CT:
UCLA Medical Center (outpatient):
    MRI:
    CT:
Santa Monica-UCLA Medical Center:
    MRI:
    CT:
Santa Monica Women's Imaging Center:
UCLA-Manhattan Beach Imaging Center:



Curriculum

    Fellows are scheduled for 1-week long rotations in the following
areas: Inpatient, Outpatient, Head&Neck, Pediatrics, Advanced Imaging,
Angiography, and the VA. A total of 6 weeks is spent rotating on the
Neurointerventional service. 

Call is taken one week out of four. On weekdays, fellows take pager
call and may field questions from the on-call residents or help with
processing of CT perfusion studies or CTAs. On the weekends, both the
on-call fellow and attending read out inpatient and emergency studies.

Three dedicated fellow-level conferences are provided each week.
Although residents rotating on the rotation may attend these lectures,
they are geared towards the fellows. In addition, the fellows attend a
weekly brain-cutting conference, a Head and Neck tumor board, and a
neurovascular conference. Occasionally, fellows also attend and may
present cases at Lymphoma conference, Pediatric brain tumor board, and
Epilepsy conference. Every year, the fellows are also enrolled in an
Intracranial Doppler ultrasound course and a Functional Neuroscience
course taught at the UCLA graduate school. 


Research

Although the one-year fellowship is geared towards rapid attainment of
clinical competence, there is a great deal of enthusiasm in the
integration of fellows into the research work of the section.
Extensive imaging resources are available for fellows to pursue their
chosen projects, and an experienced group of physicists and
statisticians is available to aid with more technical aspects of
research. The section sends fellows to conferences yearly to present
research performed during the fellowship.

Application

Please include the following with your application:
    CV
    Photograph
    Personal statement
    Copy of your medical school diploma
    Copies of USMLE scores

Please mail your completed application to:
    

We also request four letters of recommendation, mailed directly by
those writing your letters.

Contact Information:

Noriko Salamon, M.D., Program Director
nsalamon@mednet.ucla.edu

Rosemary Shulman, Fellowship Program Coordinator
rshulman@mednet.ucla.edu

Department of Radiology
UCLA Medical Center
Los Angeles, CA 90095

Telephone: ()
Fax: ()
